---
Description: If you encounter errors after submitting your app to the Store, you must resolve them in order to continue the certification process.
title: Resolve submission errors
ms.assetid: 68199E09-0C66-4EB4-BFE8-D2EEB139C4F3
---

# Resolve submission errors


If you encounter errors after submitting your app to the Store, you must resolve them in order to continue the [certification process](the-app-certification-process.md). The error message will indicate what the problem is and what you might need to do in order to fix the issue. Here is some additional info that can help you resolve these errors.

## UWP apps


If you are submitting a UWP app, you may see an error during preprocessing if your package file is not an .appxupload file generated by Visual Studio for the Store. Be sure that you follow the steps in [Packaging Universal Windows apps for Windows 10](../packaging/packaging-uwp-apps.md) when creating your app's package file, and only upload the .appxupload file on the [Packages](upload-app-packages.md) page of the submission, not an appx or .appxbundle.

If a compilation error is displayed, make sure that you are able to build your application in Release mode successfully. For more info, see [.NET Native Internal Compiler Errors](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=613098).

## Windows Phone apps


You may see **error 2001** when problems with Windows Phone packages are detected during preprocessing. In most cases, you will need to rebuild your app's package to correct the error. Once you've done that, replace the old package with the new one on the [Packages](upload-app-packages.md) page of the submission before you click **Submit to the Store** again.

There are a number of issues that may cause this error. Review the list below to determine which might apply to your packages.

-   **One or more assemblies in the package are obfuscated incorrectly:** Use a different tool to perform the obfuscation, or remove the obfuscation. The compile process optimizes the obfuscated assemblies, but occasionally some assemblies are obfuscated using a tool that modifies the MSIL in an unsupported way that will cause an error.
-   **The size of one or more methods in the app exceeds 256 KB of IL:** Refactor the offending method into smaller functions. The size of MSIL for methods in an assembly can be determined by using the ILDASM tool.
-   **The strong name signature validation failed for one or more assemblies:** This error typically occurs when the strong name signing was performed using a key different than the one expected in the assembly metadata. Sign with the correct key, or remove strong name signing.
-   **The package contains mixed-mode (with managed and native code) assemblies:** Mixed-mode assemblies are not supported on Windows Phone. Remove the mixed-mode assemblies from the package and resubmit the app.
-   **A Windows Phone 8.1 XAP or appx/appxbundle assembly is not valid:** Make sure your .winmd file has at least one public entry point. You can use any decompiler application to review the code and check for public entry points if needed.

Another error that you might see after submitting your app is **error 1300**. This occurs when one or more assemblies (or the entire package) is already precompiled. To fix this issue, rebuild the app's package in Microsoft Visual Studio and then submit the newly-generated package.

 

 






<!--HONumber=Mar16_HO1-->


