---
title: Xbox Live multiplayer concepts
author: KevinAsgari
description: Learn about common multiplayer concepts used by Xbox Live multiplayer systems.
ms.assetid: 1e765f19-1530-4464-b5cf-b00259807fd3
ms.author: kevinasg
ms.date: 08-25-2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: windows
ms.technology: uwp
keywords: xbox live, xbox, games, uwp, windows 10, xbox one, multiplayer
ms.openlocfilehash: 3ed77e9fb9e4120fd73622541cc2d48d9f6b5af5
ms.sourcegitcommit: b185729f0bb73569740d03be67dff9f59a4c4968
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: ja-JP
ms.lasthandoff: 09/01/2017
---
# <a name="xbox-live-multiplayer-concepts"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-104">Xbox Live multiplayer concepts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-104">Xbox Live multiplayer concepts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-105">This topic discusses a number of important multiplayer terms and concepts that are used frequently in the Xbox Live documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-105">This topic discusses a number of important multiplayer terms and concepts that are used frequently in the Xbox Live documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-106">Having a good grasp of these concepts will help you understand how Xbox Live multiplayer works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-106">Having a good grasp of these concepts will help you understand how Xbox Live multiplayer works.</span></span>

## <a name="multiplayer-session"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-107">Multiplayer session</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-107">Multiplayer session</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-108">A multiplayer session represents a group of Xbox Live users and properties associated with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-108">A multiplayer session represents a group of Xbox Live users and properties associated with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-109">The session is created and maintained by titles, and is represented as a secure JSON document that resides in the Xbox Live cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-109">The session is created and maintained by titles, and is represented as a secure JSON document that resides in the Xbox Live cloud.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-110">The session document itself contains information about the Xbox Live users that are connected to the session, how many spots are available, custom metadata (for the session as well as for each session member), and other information related to the game session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-110">The session document itself contains information about the Xbox Live users that are connected to the session, how many spots are available, custom metadata (for the session as well as for each session member), and other information related to the game session.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-111">Each session is based on a session template, which are defined by the game developer, and are configured in the Xbox Live service configuration for a title instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-111">Each session is based on a session template, which are defined by the game developer, and are configured in the Xbox Live service configuration for a title instance.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-112">タイトルではセッションを作成して更新できますが、セッションを直接削除することはできません。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-112">While a title can create and update a session, it cannot directly delete a session.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="06ece-113">代わりに、セッションからすべてのプレーヤーが削除されると、指定されたタイムアウトの経過後に、自動的に Xbox Live マルチプレイヤー サービスによってセッションが削除されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-113">Instead, once all players are removed from a session, the Xbox Live multiplayer service will automatically delete the session after a specified timeout.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-114">セッションについて詳しくは、「[MPSD セッションの詳細](multiplayer-appendix/mpsd-session-details.md)」をご覧ください。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-114">For detailed information about sessions, see [MPSD session details](multiplayer-appendix/mpsd-session-details.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-115">タイトルでは複数のセッションを使用することもできますが、典型的なマルチプレイヤーの実装では 2 つのセッションを使用します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-115">Titles can choose to use multiple sessions, but a typical multiplayer implementation will use two sessions:</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-116">Lobby session - this is a session that represents a group of friends that want to remain together across multiple rounds, levels, maps, etc., of the game.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-116">Lobby session - this is a session that represents a group of friends that want to remain together across multiple rounds, levels, maps, etc., of the game.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-117">Game session - this is a session that represents the people that are playing in a specific session instance of a game, such as a round, match, level, etc. This session can include members from multiple lobby sessions that have joined the session instance together, typically through a matchmaking service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-117">Game session - this is a session that represents the people that are playing in a specific session instance of a game, such as a round, match, level, etc. This session can include members from multiple lobby sessions that have joined the session instance together, typically through a matchmaking service.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-118">Here is an example scenario:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-118">Here is an example scenario:</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-119">Sally wants to play some multiplayer with her friends, John and Lisa.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-119">Sally wants to play some multiplayer with her friends, John and Lisa.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-120">Sally starts up a game, and invites John and Lisa into her game.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-120">Sally starts up a game, and invites John and Lisa into her game.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-121">After they join, Sally, John, and Lisa are all in a lobby session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-121">After they join, Sally, John, and Lisa are all in a lobby session.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-122">In this session, they decide to play in an online match with other people.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-122">In this session, they decide to play in an online match with other people.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-123">The game creates a game session, and uses the Xbox Live matchmaking service to fill the remaining player slots with other Xbox Live players.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-123">The game creates a game session, and uses the Xbox Live matchmaking service to fill the remaining player slots with other Xbox Live players.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-124">Let's say that Bob and Joe are matched up with them, and the five of them play the round together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-124">Let's say that Bob and Joe are matched up with them, and the five of them play the round together.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-125">After the round ends, Sally, John, and Lisa leave the game session, but are still together in the lobby session (without Bob and Joe), and can choose to play another round, or switch to different game mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-125">After the round ends, Sally, John, and Lisa leave the game session, but are still together in the lobby session (without Bob and Joe), and can choose to play another round, or switch to different game mode.</span></span>

### <a name="session-member"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-126">Session member</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-126">Session member</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-127">A session member is an Xbox Live user that is part of a session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-127">A session member is an Xbox Live user that is part of a session.</span></span>

### <a name="arbiter"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-128">Arbiter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-128">Arbiter</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-129">An arbiter is a console or device that manages the state of the session for a game.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-129">An arbiter is a console or device that manages the state of the session for a game.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-130">For example, the arbiter would be responsible for advertising a game session to matchmaking in order to find more players.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-130">For example, the arbiter would be responsible for advertising a game session to matchmaking in order to find more players.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-131">The arbiter is set by the title.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-131">The arbiter is set by the title.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-132">It may be the same as the host of the game, but does not have to be the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-132">It may be the same as the host of the game, but does not have to be the same.</span></span>

### <a name="session-host"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-133">Session host</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-133">Session host</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-134">The session host is the console or device that runs the game play simulation for titles built on a host-based peer-to-peer network architecture.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-134">The session host is the console or device that runs the game play simulation for titles built on a host-based peer-to-peer network architecture.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-135">This console or device is typically the same as the arbiter, but it does not have to be the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-135">This console or device is typically the same as the arbiter, but it does not have to be the same.</span></span>

## <a name="multiplayer-service-session-directory"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-136">Multiplayer service session directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-136">Multiplayer service session directory</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-137">The Xbox Live Multiplayer service operates in the Xbox Live cloud, and centralizes a game's multiplayer system metadata across multiple clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-137">The Xbox Live Multiplayer service operates in the Xbox Live cloud, and centralizes a game's multiplayer system metadata across multiple clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-138">The system that tracks this metadata is known as the Multiplayer Session Directory, or MPSD for short.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-138">The system that tracks this metadata is known as the Multiplayer Session Directory, or MPSD for short.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-139">You can think of MPSD as a library of active game sessions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-139">You can think of MPSD as a library of active game sessions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-140">Your game can add, search, modify, or remove active sessions relating to your title.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-140">Your game can add, search, modify, or remove active sessions relating to your title.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-141">The MPSD also manages session state and updates sessions when necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-141">The MPSD also manages session state and updates sessions when necessary.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-142">MPSD allows titles to share the basic information needed to connect a group of users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-142">MPSD allows titles to share the basic information needed to connect a group of users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-143">It ensures that session functionality is synchronized and consistent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-143">It ensures that session functionality is synchronized and consistent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-144">It coordinates with the shell and Xbox One console operating system in sending/accepting invites and in being joined via the gamer card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-144">It coordinates with the shell and Xbox One console operating system in sending/accepting invites and in being joined via the gamer card.</span></span>

### <a name="session-handles"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-145">Session handles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-145">Session handles</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-146">A session is uniquely identified in MPSD by a combination of pieces of data:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-146">A session is uniquely identified in MPSD by a combination of pieces of data:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-147">The service configuration ID (SCID) of the title</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-147">The service configuration ID (SCID) of the title</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-148">The name of the session template that was used to create the session</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-148">The name of the session template that was used to create the session</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-149">The name of the session</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-149">The name of the session</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-150">A session handle is a JSON object that contains a reference to a specific session that exists in MPSD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-150">A session handle is a JSON object that contains a reference to a specific session that exists in MPSD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-151">Session handles enable Xbox Live members to join existing sessions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-151">Session handles enable Xbox Live members to join existing sessions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-152">Each session handle includes a guid that uniquely identifies the handle, which allows titles to reference the session by using a single guid.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-152">Each session handle includes a guid that uniquely identifies the handle, which allows titles to reference the session by using a single guid.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-153">There are several types of session handles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-153">There are several types of session handles:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-154">invite handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-154">invite handle</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-155">search handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-155">search handle</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-156">activity handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-156">activity handle</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-157">correlation handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-157">correlation handle</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="06ece-158">transfer handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-158">transfer handle</span></span>

#### <a name="invite-handle"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-159">Invite handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-159">Invite handle</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-160">An invite handle is passed to a member when they are invited to join a game.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-160">An invite handle is passed to a member when they are invited to join a game.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-161">The invite handle contains information that lets the invited member's game join the correct session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-161">The invite handle contains information that lets the invited member's game join the correct session.</span></span>

#### <a name="search-handle"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-162">Search handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-162">Search handle</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-163">A search handle includes additional metadata about the session, and allows titles to search for sessions that meet the selected criteria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-163">A search handle includes additional metadata about the session, and allows titles to search for sessions that meet the selected criteria.</span></span>

#### <a name="activity-handle"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-164">Activity handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-164">Activity handle</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-165">An activity handle lets members see what other members on their social network are playing, and can be used join a friend's game.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-165">An activity handle lets members see what other members on their social network are playing, and can be used join a friend's game.</span></span>

#### <a name="correlation-handle"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-166">Correlation handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-166">Correlation handle</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-167">A correlation handle effectively works as an alias for a session, allowing a game to refer to a session by only using the id of the correlation handle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-167">A correlation handle effectively works as an alias for a session, allowing a game to refer to a session by only using the id of the correlation handle.</span></span>

### <a name="transfer-handle"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-168">Transfer handle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-168">Transfer handle</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-169">A transfer handle is used to move players from one session to another session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-169">A transfer handle is used to move players from one session to another session.</span></span>


### <a name="invites"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-170">Invites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-170">Invites</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-171">Xbox Live provides an invite system that is supported by the Multiplayer service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-171">Xbox Live provides an invite system that is supported by the Multiplayer service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-172">It enables players to invite other players to their game sessions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-172">It enables players to invite other players to their game sessions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-173">Invited players receive a game invite and a title uses this information to join an existing session and multiplayer experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-173">Invited players receive a game invite and a title uses this information to join an existing session and multiplayer experience.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-174">Titles control invite flow and when invites can be sent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-174">Titles control invite flow and when invites can be sent.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-175">Invites can be sent through the shell by the user or directly from the title.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-175">Invites can be sent through the shell by the user or directly from the title.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-176">The notification text for an invite can be dynamically set by a title to provide more information to the invited player.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-176">The notification text for an invite can be dynamically set by a title to provide more information to the invited player.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-177">Invites can also include additional data for the title that is not visible to the player and can be used to carry additional information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-177">Invites can also include additional data for the title that is not visible to the player and can be used to carry additional information.</span></span>

### <a name="join-in-progress"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-178">Join-in-progress</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-178">Join-in-progress</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-179">In addition to invites, Xbox Live also provides a shell option for players to join an active gameplay session of friends or other known players.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-179">In addition to invites, Xbox Live also provides a shell option for players to join an active gameplay session of friends or other known players.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-180">This enables another path into an active game session and is also driven by the MPSD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-180">This enables another path into an active game session and is also driven by the MPSD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-181">Titles control when sessions are joinable and which session to expose for join-in-progress.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-181">Titles control when sessions are joinable and which session to expose for join-in-progress.</span></span>

### <a name="protocol-activation"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-182">Protocol activation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-182">Protocol activation</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-183">If Sally sends an invite to Lisa to join her game, Lisa receives a notification on her device that she can choose to accept or decline.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-183">If Sally sends an invite to Lisa to join her game, Lisa receives a notification on her device that she can choose to accept or decline.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-184">If she accepts the invitation, the OS attempts to launch the game, if the game is not already running, and triggers an activation event that contains information about why the game was activated, and any additional details (in the case of an invite, for example, the details include the ID of the player that invited, as well as the session that the member has been invited to.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-184">If she accepts the invitation, the OS attempts to launch the game, if the game is not already running, and triggers an activation event that contains information about why the game was activated, and any additional details (in the case of an invite, for example, the details include the ID of the player that invited, as well as the session that the member has been invited to.)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-185">The process of handling this event is known as protocol activation, and indicates that the game should automatically go into a specific state, which is detailed in the activation event arguments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-185">The process of handling this event is known as protocol activation, and indicates that the game should automatically go into a specific state, which is detailed in the activation event arguments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-186">If the member is joining a multiplayer game, the session handle id is specified as one of the arguments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-186">If the member is joining a multiplayer game, the session handle id is specified as one of the arguments.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-187">In Lisa's case, accepting the invite should automatically start the game (if needed), and join her to the same game session as Sally, without Lisa needing to take any further actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-187">In Lisa's case, accepting the invite should automatically start the game (if needed), and join her to the same game session as Sally, without Lisa needing to take any further actions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-188">Protocol activation can be triggered by accepting an invite, joining another member's gamer via their profile card, or clicking a deep linked achievement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-188">Protocol activation can be triggered by accepting an invite, joining another member's gamer via their profile card, or clicking a deep linked achievement.</span></span>

<div id="SmartMatch"/>
## <span data-ttu-id="06ece-189">SmartMatch matchmaking SmartMatch is the name of the Xbox Live service for anonymous matchmaking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-189">SmartMatch matchmaking SmartMatch is the name of the Xbox Live service for anonymous matchmaking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-190">This service matches up players of the same game based on configurable a match rule set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-190">This service matches up players of the same game based on configurable a match rule set.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-191">The matchmaking service works closely with the MPSD and uses sessions for matchmaking input and output.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-191">The matchmaking service works closely with the MPSD and uses sessions for matchmaking input and output.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-192">Matchmaking is performed on the service, which allows titles to easily do provide other experiences during the matchmaking flow, for example single-player within the title.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-192">Matchmaking is performed on the service, which allows titles to easily do provide other experiences during the matchmaking flow, for example single-player within the title.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-193">Individuals or groups that want to enter matchmaking create a match ticket session, then request the matchmaking service to find other players with whom to set up a match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-193">Individuals or groups that want to enter matchmaking create a match ticket session, then request the matchmaking service to find other players with whom to set up a match.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-194">This results in the creation of a temporary "match ticket" residing within the matchmaking service (on a match hopper) for a period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-194">This results in the creation of a temporary "match ticket" residing within the matchmaking service (on a match hopper) for a period of time.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-195">The matchmaking service chooses sessions to play together based on rule configuration, statistics stored for each player, and any additional information given at the time of the match request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-195">The matchmaking service chooses sessions to play together based on rule configuration, statistics stored for each player, and any additional information given at the time of the match request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-196">The service then creates a match target session that contains all players who have been matched, and notifies the users' titles of the match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-196">The service then creates a match target session that contains all players who have been matched, and notifies the users' titles of the match.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-197">When the target session is ready, titles may perform quality of service (QoS) checks to confirm that the group can play together, and/or join players to the session to begin gameplay.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-197">When the target session is ready, titles may perform quality of service (QoS) checks to confirm that the group can play together, and/or join players to the session to begin gameplay.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-198">During the QoS process and matchmade game play, titles keep the session state up to date within MPSD, and they receive notifications from MPSD about changes to the session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-198">During the QoS process and matchmade game play, titles keep the session state up to date within MPSD, and they receive notifications from MPSD about changes to the session.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-199">Such changes include users joining or leaving, and changes to the session arbiter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-199">Such changes include users joining or leaving, and changes to the session arbiter.</span></span>

### <a name="match-ticket-session"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-200">Match ticket session</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-200">Match ticket session</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-201">A match ticket session represents the clients for the players who want to make a match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-201">A match ticket session represents the clients for the players who want to make a match.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-202">It is typically created based on a group of players who are in a lobby together, or on other title-specific groupings of players.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-202">It is typically created based on a group of players who are in a lobby together, or on other title-specific groupings of players.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-203">In some cases, the ticket session might be a game session already in progress that is looking for more players.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-203">In some cases, the ticket session might be a game session already in progress that is looking for more players.</span></span>

### <a name="match-ticket"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-204">Match ticket</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-204">Match ticket</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-205">Submitting a ticket session to matchmaking results in the creation of a match ticket that tracks the matchmaking attempt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-205">Submitting a ticket session to matchmaking results in the creation of a match ticket that tracks the matchmaking attempt.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-206">Attributes can be added to the ticket, for example, game map or player level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-206">Attributes can be added to the ticket, for example, game map or player level.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-207">These, along with attributes of the players in the ticket session, are used to determine the match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-207">These, along with attributes of the players in the ticket session, are used to determine the match.</span></span>

### <a name="hoppers"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-208">Hoppers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-208">Hoppers</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-209">Hoppers are logical places where match tickets are collected and specified at the start of matchmaking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-209">Hoppers are logical places where match tickets are collected and specified at the start of matchmaking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-210">Only tickets within the same hopper can be matched.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-210">Only tickets within the same hopper can be matched.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-211">A title can have multiple hoppers but can only start matchmaking on one at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-211">A title can have multiple hoppers but can only start matchmaking on one at a time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-212">For example, a title might create one hopper for which player skill is the most important item for matching.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-212">For example, a title might create one hopper for which player skill is the most important item for matching.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-213">It might use another hopper in which players are only matched if they have purchased the same downloadable content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-213">It might use another hopper in which players are only matched if they have purchased the same downloadable content.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-214">You configure hoppers for matchmaking in the service configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-214">You configure hoppers for matchmaking in the service configuration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-215">TBD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-215">TBD.</span></span>

## <a name="quality-of-service-qos"></a><span data-ttu-id="06ece-216">Quality of service (QoS)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-216">Quality of service (QoS)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="06ece-217">When gamers play a multiplayer game online, the quality of the game is affected by the quality of the network communication between the devices which are hosting the games.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-217">When gamers play a multiplayer game online, the quality of the game is affected by the quality of the network communication between the devices which are hosting the games.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-218">A poor network can result in undesirable game experiences like lag or connection drops due to insufficient bandwidth or latency.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-218">A poor network can result in undesirable game experiences like lag or connection drops due to insufficient bandwidth or latency.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-219">QoS refers to measuring the strength of an online connection (bandwidth and latency) between players to ensure that all players have a sufficient network connection quality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-219">QoS refers to measuring the strength of an online connection (bandwidth and latency) between players to ensure that all players have a sufficient network connection quality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-220">This is specifically important for players that are matched during matchmaking to guarantee a good experience due to net.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-220">This is specifically important for players that are matched during matchmaking to guarantee a good experience due to net.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="06ece-221">It is less applicable for invites where friends play together and are usually willing to accept the consequences of a poor connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-221">It is less applicable for invites where friends play together and are usually willing to accept the consequences of a poor connection.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="06ece-222">You can configure the session to handle QoS automatically based on specific criteria, or your game can handle measuring the QoS whenever anyone joins the session.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="06ece-222">You can configure the session to handle QoS automatically based on specific criteria, or your game can handle measuring the QoS whenever anyone joins the session.</span></span>
