---
title: Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform
author: KevinAsgari
description: Learn about the multiplayer platforms that are support by Xbox Live.
ms.assetid: 958b94b3-dccd-479a-bf52-54f7ff1656fa
ms.author: kevinasg
ms.date: 04-04-2017
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: windows
ms.technology: uwp
keywords: xbox live, xbox, games, uwp, windows 10, xbox one, multiplayer
ms.openlocfilehash: fd6e9935153dd6531bc2a639d366f5027708d398
ms.sourcegitcommit: 698650216533c20cb7b9773bb51ece9b5ef7d761
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: ja-JP
ms.lasthandoff: 08/25/2017
---
# <a name="xbox-live-multiplayer-platform"></a><span data-ttu-id="69afe-104">Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-104">Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-105">The Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform empowers your game to bring Xbox Live players together over the Internet and can dramatically extend the life and usage of a title beyond typical solo play.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-105">The Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform empowers your game to bring Xbox Live players together over the Internet and can dramatically extend the life and usage of a title beyond typical solo play.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-106">By building a great multiplayer experience for your audience, you can leverage the large social network of Xbox Live gamers to increase the user base for your game and promote a sustained community of dedicated fans playing together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-106">By building a great multiplayer experience for your audience, you can leverage the large social network of Xbox Live gamers to increase the user base for your game and promote a sustained community of dedicated fans playing together.</span></span>


## <a name="what-is-the-xbox-live-multiplayer-platform"></a><span data-ttu-id="69afe-107">What is the Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-107">What is the Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-108">The Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform is a set of client APIs that you can use to implement real-time multiplayer gameplay.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-108">The Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform is a set of client APIs that you can use to implement real-time multiplayer gameplay.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-109">The major sub-systems in the API suite are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-109">The major sub-systems in the API suite are:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="69afe-110">The **Xbox Live Multiplayer Session Directory (MPSD)** service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-110">The **Xbox Live Multiplayer Session Directory (MPSD)** service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-111">The MPSD service works with integrated UI experiences to facilitate users finding and inviting each other for play.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-111">The MPSD service works with integrated UI experiences to facilitate users finding and inviting each other for play.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-112">Integration with Xbox Live's services also allows customers to use Xbox Live Party Chat to assemble.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-112">Integration with Xbox Live's services also allows customers to use Xbox Live Party Chat to assemble.</span></span>
-   **<span data-ttu-id="69afe-113">Simple and advanced matchmaking facilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-113">Simple and advanced matchmaking facilities.</span></span>** <span data-ttu-id="69afe-114">Xbox Live provides traditional quickmatch capabilities, but also session browse and support for highly customized matchmaking scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-114">Xbox Live provides traditional quickmatch capabilities, but also session browse and support for highly customized matchmaking scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-115">Xbox Live Looking for Group (LFG) also allows players to find each other, rally in Party Chat, and then play your game.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-115">Xbox Live Looking for Group (LFG) also allows players to find each other, rally in Party Chat, and then play your game.</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="69afe-116">**Peer to peer and client-server networking APIs** provide secure real-time communication leveraging modern Internet standards and actively monitored by Xbox Live.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-116">**Peer to peer and client-server networking APIs** provide secure real-time communication leveraging modern Internet standards and actively monitored by Xbox Live.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-117">Standardization and integration with the Xbox Live network troubleshooting experiences allow users to quickly remediate connectivity issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-117">Standardization and integration with the Xbox Live network troubleshooting experiences allow users to quickly remediate connectivity issues.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="69afe-118">**Integrated voice and text chat solutions** that facilitate safe in-game communication leveraging the Xbox Live social graph, media services, and specialized encoding hardware on Xbox One devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-118">**Integrated voice and text chat solutions** that facilitate safe in-game communication leveraging the Xbox Live social graph, media services, and specialized encoding hardware on Xbox One devices.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-119">For an overview of some of the most common multiplayer scenarios, and which Xbox Live functionality can help implement those scenarios, see [Multiplayer Levels](multiplayer-scenarios.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-119">For an overview of some of the most common multiplayer scenarios, and which Xbox Live functionality can help implement those scenarios, see [Multiplayer Levels](multiplayer-scenarios.md).</span></span>

## <a name="how-can-i-implement-xbox-live-multiplayer-in-my-game"></a><span data-ttu-id="69afe-120">How can I implement Xbox Live Multiplayer in my game?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-120">How can I implement Xbox Live Multiplayer in my game?</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="69afe-121">Depending on your scenario, the Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform provides several approaches to implementing Xbox Live Multiplayer in your game.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-121">Depending on your scenario, the Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform provides several approaches to implementing Xbox Live Multiplayer in your game.</span></span>

### <a name="xbox-integrated-multiplayer-xim"></a><span data-ttu-id="69afe-122">Xbox Integrated Multiplayer (XIM)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-122">Xbox Integrated Multiplayer (XIM)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="69afe-123">XIM is an turnkey solution for adding real-time multiplayer networking and communication to your game through the power of Xbox Live services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-123">XIM is an turnkey solution for adding real-time multiplayer networking and communication to your game through the power of Xbox Live services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-124">The goal of XIM is to make it easier than ever to build high quality peer-to-peer (P2P) multiplayer games on Xbox One & Windows 10.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-124">The goal of XIM is to make it easier than ever to build high quality peer-to-peer (P2P) multiplayer games on Xbox One & Windows 10.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-125">XIM provides the following functionality:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-125">XIM provides the following functionality:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="69afe-126">Support for game invitations and simple matchmaking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-126">Support for game invitations and simple matchmaking.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="69afe-127">A simple and secure real-time network that is transparently augmented by the Xbox Live Multiplayer Relay Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-127">A simple and secure real-time network that is transparently augmented by the Xbox Live Multiplayer Relay Service.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="69afe-128">Simple voice and text chat, with facilities for transcribing and narrating communication for a more accessible end-user experience.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-128">Simple voice and text chat, with facilities for transcribing and narrating communication for a more accessible end-user experience.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="69afe-129">Aides for detecting and managing network congestion, as well as for migrating game state.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-129">Aides for detecting and managing network congestion, as well as for migrating game state.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-130">XIM is the simplest multiplayer solution available through the Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform, but also the least customizable and is only suited for P2P games.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-130">XIM is the simplest multiplayer solution available through the Xbox Live Multiplayer Platform, but also the least customizable and is only suited for P2P games.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-131">For more information about XIM, see [Xbox Integrated Multiplayer](xbox-integrated-multiplayer-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-131">For more information about XIM, see [Xbox Integrated Multiplayer](xbox-integrated-multiplayer-overview.md).</span></span>

### <a name="xbox-multiplayer-manager"></a><span data-ttu-id="69afe-132">Xbox Multiplayer Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-132">Xbox Multiplayer Manager</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="69afe-133">Xbox Multiplayer Manager (MPM) は、Xbox Live のマルチプレイヤー セッション ディレクトリ、招待、マッチメイキング サービスに柔軟にアクセスできるクライアント API です。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-133">Xbox Multiplayer Manager (MPM) is a client API that provides flexible access to Xbox Live’s multiplayer session directory, invitation, and matchmaking services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-134">It implements many common multiplayer scenarios in an efficient manner that follows best practices, and also handles many of the Xbox Requirements (XRs) that your game must implement in order to pass certification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-134">It implements many common multiplayer scenarios in an efficient manner that follows best practices, and also handles many of the Xbox Requirements (XRs) that your game must implement in order to pass certification.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-135">Xbox Multiplayer Manager does not implement a networking or chat layer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-135">Xbox Multiplayer Manager does not implement a networking or chat layer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-136">MPM は、Windows.Networking.XboxLive を通じて実装される安全なネットワーク層と対になる、柔軟ながらもシンプルで統合されたゲーム用マルチプレイヤー管理 API として設計されています。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-136">MPM is designed as a flexible but simplified and consolidated multiplayer management API for your game paired with a secure networking layer implemented via Windows.Networking.XboxLive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-137">[ゲーム チャット 2](chat/game-chat-2-overview.md) API または XIM Chat Reservations によってゲーム内通信を追加できます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-137">In-game communication can be added with the [Game Chat 2](chat/game-chat-2-overview.md) API or through XIM Chat Reservations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-138">ネットワークおよびゲーム チャット 2 API のドキュメントは、Xbox One XDK と Xbox Live Platform Extensions SDK に含まれています。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-138">The networking and Game Chat 2 APIs are documented in the Xbox One XDK and the Xbox Live Platform Extensions SDK.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-139">If you are hosting dedicated servers for your multiplayer game, MPM is the best choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-139">If you are hosting dedicated servers for your multiplayer game, MPM is the best choice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-140">MPM is also well-suited for advanced scenarios such as integration with Xbox Live Tournaments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-140">MPM is also well-suited for advanced scenarios such as integration with Xbox Live Tournaments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-141">For more information on MPM, see  [Introduction to Multiplayer Manager](multiplayer-manager/multiplayer-manager-api-overview.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-141">For more information on MPM, see  [Introduction to Multiplayer Manager](multiplayer-manager/multiplayer-manager-api-overview.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-142">To use Multiplayer Manager, you must configure the Xbox Live service for your multiplayer scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-142">To use Multiplayer Manager, you must configure the Xbox Live service for your multiplayer scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-143">For more information on this configuration, see [Configure the Multiplayer service](service-configuration/configure-the-multiplayer-service.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-143">For more information on this configuration, see [Configure the Multiplayer service](service-configuration/configure-the-multiplayer-service.md).</span></span>

><span data-ttu-id="69afe-144">Multiplayer Manager does not currently support session browse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-144">Multiplayer Manager does not currently support session browse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="69afe-145">For information see [Multiplayer Session Browse](session-browse.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-145">For information see [Multiplayer Session Browse](session-browse.md).</span></span>

### <a name="api-capabilites"></a><span data-ttu-id="69afe-146">API Capabilites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-146">API Capabilites</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="69afe-147">Functionality</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-147">Functionality</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="69afe-148">Xbox Integrated Multiplayer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-148">Xbox Integrated Multiplayer</span></span>| <span data-ttu-id="69afe-149">Multiplayer Manager</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-149">Multiplayer Manager</span></span>
--  | -- | --
<span data-ttu-id="69afe-150">Visibility</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-150">Visibility</span></span> |  <span data-ttu-id="69afe-151">XIM is provided as a compiled library without source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-151">XIM is provided as a compiled library without source.</span></span>  | <span data-ttu-id="69afe-152">MPM is provided with source, so you may customize behavior by directly interacting with Xbox Live services or with XSAPI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-152">MPM is provided with source, so you may customize behavior by directly interacting with Xbox Live services or with XSAPI.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="69afe-153">Session and Matchmaking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-153">Session and Matchmaking</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="69afe-154">XIM provides simple pre-configured matchmaking rules and does not require multiplayer configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-154">XIM provides simple pre-configured matchmaking rules and does not require multiplayer configuration.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="69afe-155">MPM [requires configuring the Multiplayer service](service-configuration/configure-the-multiplayer-service.md), which enables sophisticated specification of matchmaking and session behavior.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-155">MPM [requires configuring the Multiplayer service](service-configuration/configure-the-multiplayer-service.md), which enables sophisticated specification of matchmaking and session behavior.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="69afe-156">Networking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-156">Networking</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="69afe-157">XIM provides a simple & secure player to player network, backed by the Xbox Live Relay service when required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-157">XIM provides a simple & secure player to player network, backed by the Xbox Live Relay service when required.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="69afe-158">MPM is designed so you can plug in your own secure networking solution using Windows.Networking.XboxLive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-158">MPM is designed so you can plug in your own secure networking solution using Windows.Networking.XboxLive.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="69afe-159">ゲーム チャット</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-159">Game chat</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="69afe-160">XIM provides integrated voice and text chat.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-160">XIM provides integrated voice and text chat.</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="69afe-161">ゲーム チャット 2 API または XIM の帯域外予約を使ってゲーム内通信を実装し、MPM が管理する名簿に登録された参加者によるチャットを有効にできます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="69afe-161">In-game communication can be implemented with the Game Chat 2 API or by using XIM out-of-band reservations to enable chat for an MPM managed roster.</span></span>
